Clarify that illegal AP states are reserved for RV64Y (#1064)
riscv/riscv-cheri: src/cheri/rvy64-encoding.adoc

The permissions field is {cap_rv64_perms_width} bits wide and is encoded using one bit per architectural permission as shown in xref:cap_perms_encoding64[xrefstyle=short].
A permission is granted if its corresponding bit, and those of any dependent permissions, are set;
otherwise, the capability does not grant that permission.

> Certain combinations of permissions are impractical. For example, <<c_perm>> is superfluous when the capability does not grant either <<r_perm>> or <<w_perm>>.

Reviewer: I would keep these two sentences since it explains why we have the rules.

Author: suggestions merged

> The rules in <<base_clrperm_rule_summary>> are enforced and any invalid states are _reserved_ in the <<AP-field>> encoding.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Certain combinations of permissions are impractical.
For example, <<c_perm>> is superfluous when the capability does not grant either <<r_perm>> or <<w_perm>>
Therefore, it is only legal to encode a subset of all combinations and any invalid states are _reserved_ in the <<AP-field>> encoding.
```

How about keeping some of the existing text and just clarifying the reserved states?

The permissions field is {cap_rv64_perms_width} bits wide and is encoded using one bit per architectural permission as shown in xref:cap_perms_encoding64[xrefstyle=short].
A permission is granted if its corresponding bit, and those of any dependent permissions, are set;
otherwise, the capability does not grant that permission.

Certain combinations of permissions are impractical.

> For example, <<c_perm>> is superfluous when the capability does not grant either <<r_perm>> or <<w_perm>>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, <<c_perm>> is superfluous when the capability does not grant either <<r_perm>> or <<w_perm>>.
```

Therefore, it is only legal to encode a subset of all combinations and any invalid states are _reserved_ in the <<AP-field>> encoding.

> NOTE: Reserved states can be used in future to allow different formats to be encoded within the <<AP-field>>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: Reserved states can be used in the future to allow additional permissions to be encoded within the <<AP-field>>.
```
